Okay. Let's implement the tasks for this exercise in our code.
So what we're going to do now is modify
our data contract and prevent unauthorized contracts from calling into it.
So the first thing we want to do is add a mapping that will be for addresses.
Now in this case, I've recommended uint256,
but really there's many different ways in which you could do this.
You could have a Boolean.
The idea here was to provide a really simple way in which we
can restrict contracts and you might come up with better and more robust ways.
This is not intended to be the definitive way in which you would do this. All right.
So the next thing we're going to do is add some functions here
for authorizing the contract.
That'll be external and we do want to constrain it.
So we'll say requireContractOwner,
and what we'll do here is add the data contract address to our collection,
which is named authorizedContracts.
All right. With that done,
so that's our function to authorize and we can modify that slightly to deauthorize.
We want to make sure the deauthorize is actually a fairly important component of
this because once you have upgraded your application contract,
which is the whole point of the architecture we've discussed here,
you want to delete a reference to the prior version and
prevent it from calling into your contract anymore.
So we've got our two functions,
and the other thing we want is a function modifier,
for expediency we'll just copy this and modify it,
and say is color authorized,
and the code is going to be
authorizedContracts message.sender equals 1.
It's going to require that.
All right.
So on any function that is expected to have an outside caller,
you'd want to put this as a required modifier.
So I'll save that and make sure it still
compiles, and it does.